loadmap Map\Asia.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\Asia.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\Asia.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\Asia.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\Asia.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\NorthAmerica.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\NorthAmerica.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\NorthAmerica.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\NorthAmerica.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Map\NorthAmerica.map
validatemap
addplayer N1 Neutral
addplayer N2 Neutral
addplayer A3 Aggressive
gamestart
quit
